Introduce SPIFFE client extension (#55180)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-oidc-code-flow-authentication.adoc

Quarkus loads a new token from the filesystem and reloads it when the token expires.
The token's `sub` claim is verified to start with the `spiffe://` scheme.

> Alternatively, when the xref:security-spiffe-client.adoc[SPIFFE Client] extension is present and no `token-path` is set, Quarkus fetches JWT-SVIDs directly from the local SPIRE Agent instead of reading them from disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When no `token-path` is set but the xref:security-spiffe-client.adoc[SPIFFE Client extension] is present, Quarkus retrieves JWT-SVID tokens directly from the local SPIRE Agent instead of reading them from the file system.
```

trying to avoid `fetch JWT SVID` text pairing, it is fine, but retrieve should work

Author: > trying to avoid fetch JWT SVID text pairing, it is fine, but retrieve should work

done and updated all occurrences I found
